I have already received the news
Know in advance what this status is called
Let you go and buy the land
You gave it away for nothing, you no no no
Dad, I know that land is going up
I didn't know he went up so fast.
You originally wanted to get the land at a lower price
Who knows who knows by that hillbilly
Give me a way
Hello
Come on, mother, I'm waiting for you.
Yeah, once
Kind of know
only
At that time, he and Feilong Group were young owners
Hope to be together mom
Maybe.
Maybe there's something false behind it.
Whoever he is
Dare to take food from the tiger's mouth in the hands of my Wang family
I must make him pay
Since you know him
I'll leave that to you.
I want everyone in Huahai to know that the Wang family is here
Give me pride
Wrap it up on me
absolute
Brother, what's the matter?
Have you read this morning's paper?
Ah Hai Village has been demolished again
Oh, it's your day!
That was amazing.
If you say it goes up, it will go up.
When it was income to the Wang family
Just happened to watch our fortune
This bun is really embarrassing.
This ocean village is demolished
The money you invested before will be doubled.
Give it here.
If it is popular first, it will not be taken.
I'm in no hurry for a promotion
But this money?
You can't just sit there.
Get out and talk
What exactly do you want to do?